TEMPLATES_003100: User Manages Rich Text and Input Placeholders in the Content of a Template 
Use Case ID: TEMPLATES_003100

Description: The content of a Letter Template is comprised of rich text and Input Placeholders. By managing this content, Letter Instances are tailored to the Line of Business’ needs, ensuring recipients receive accurate correspondence.

Line(s) of Business: All Lines of Business

Primary Actor(s): Changeset Editor 

Goal: Users who manage Templates must ensure Templates under their Line of Business are current.

Secondary Actor: N/A

Preconditions:  

A Template within the corresponding ‘Draft’ Changeset has been selected.
Post Conditions:  

N/A. Users will always be able to manage the content of a Template if the Changeset is in the status of ‘Draft’.
List of Abilities:

Users who manage Templates are able to:

Manage Rich Text
Add rich text within the content of a Template.
Add the location of the rich text within the content of a Template.
Update the location of the rich text within the content of a Template.
Format the rich text as it should appear within the content of a Template.
Update rich text within the content of a Template
Remove rich text within the content of a Template
Manage Input Placeholders
Add Input Placeholders, from a list of available Inputs within the content of a Template.
Apply Rich Text to Input Placeholder.
Add the location of the Input Placeholders in the content of a Template.
Update the location of the Input Placeholders in the content of a Template.
Remove Input Placeholders within the content of a Template.
Preconditions

A Template within the corresponding 'Draft' Changeset has been selected.
Post Conditions

N/A: Users will always be able to manage the content of a Template if the Changeset is in the status of 'Draft'.
Main Flow:

User is able to utilize any of the main flow segments listed below at any time in the Template editing process and in no particular order.

User who manages rich text in a Template:
Accesses the Template within its Label 
Accesses the content of the Template 
Adds the location of the rich text within the content of the Template 
Updates the location of the rich text within the content of the Template 
Adds rich text within the content of a Template 
Updates rich text within the content of a Template   
Formats the rich text as it should appear in the content of a Template 
Removes rich text within the content of a Template 
User who manages input fields that can be applied to a letter instance by the field user (Input Placeholders) in a Template:
Accesses the Template within the Label 
Accesses the content of the Template
Apply Rich Text to the Input Placeholder
Adds the location of the Input Placeholder within the content of a Template
Updates the location of the Input Placeholder within the content of a Template
Identifies the Input Field for the placeholder
Removes Input Placeholders within the content of a Template
Notes:

Input Placeholders can be used to allow the user to provide data to be put directly into the content of the given letter, allow them to make choices between provided values, or input data for calculations necessary to create the Letter Instance.
Examples include but are not limited to the following Input Placeholders to be configured: 
List Builder
Attachment Selection 
Fragment Selection 
Option Selection 
Number
Date 
Text
Input Group 
Boolean 
Examples include but are not limited to the following user Input Field formatting options: 
Bold
Initialize 
Underline
Bulleted list 
Conditional Logic for Templates will be included in a separate use case.
